[Doc] Ray logging document. (#14102)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-logging.rst

Ray Logging
===========
This document will explain Ray's logging system and its best practices.

Driver logs
~~~~~~~~~~~
An entry point of Ray applications that calls `ray.init(address='auto')` or `ray.init()` is called a driver.
All the driver logs are handled in the same way as normal python programs. 

Worker logs
~~~~~~~~~~~
Ray's tasks or actors are executed remotely within Ray's worker processes. Ray has special support to improve the visibility of logs produced by workers.

> - By default, all of the tasks/actors stdout and stderr are redirected to the worker log files. Check out :ref:`Logging directory structure <logging-directory-structure>` to learn how Ray's logging directory is structured.

Author: I tried making it okay. Let's see how it looks.

- By default, all of the tasks/actors stdout and stderr that is redirected to worker log files are published to the driver. Drivers display logs generated from its tasks/actors to its stdout and stderr.

Let's look at a code example to see how this works.

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    # Initiate a driver.
    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    def task():
        print("task")
    
    ray.get(task.remote())
        
You should be able to see the string `task` from your driver stdout. 

When logs are printed, the process id (pid) and an IP address of the node that executes tasks/actors are printed together. Check out the output below.

.. code-block:: bash

    (pid=45601) task

How to set up loggers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When using ray, all of the tasks and actors are executed remotely in Ray's worker processes. 
Since Python logger module creates a singleton logger per process, loggers should be configured on per task/actor basis. 

.. note::

>     Note that to stream logs to a driver, they should be flushed to stdout and stderr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To stream logs to a driver, they must be flushed to stdout and stderr.
```

Reviewer: Just because it's already in a "Note"

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    import logging
    # Initiate a driver.
    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    class Actor:
        def __init__(self):
            # Basic config automatically configures logs to
            # be streamed to stdout and stderr.

>             logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG)

Author: Nope. But I think the default severity is WARNING, so if you don't set this, it won't print anything.

>         def log(self, msg):

Reviewer 2: This doesn't address how to setup up logging for tasks (I'm not actually sure how to do this)

Author: Done.

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    # Initiate a driver.
    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    def task():
        print(f"task_id: {ray.get_runtime_context().task_id}")
    
    ray.get(task.remote())

.. code-block:: bash

    (pid=47411) task_id: TaskID(a67dc375e60ddd1affffffffffffffffffffffff01000000)

Logging directory structure
---------------------------
.. _logging-directory-structure:

By default, ray logs are stored in a `/tmp/ray/session_*/logs` directory. 

.. note::

    The default temp directory is `/tmp/ray` (for Linux and Mac OS). If you'd like to change the temp directory, you can specify it when `ray start` or `ray.init()` is called. 

A new ray instance creates a new session ID to the temp directory. The latest session ID is symlinked to `/tmp/ray/session_latest`.

Here's a Ray log directory structure. Note that `.out` is logs from stdout/stderr and `.err` is logs fro stderr. The backward compatibility of log directories is not maintained.

- `dashboard.log`: A log file of a ray dashboard.
- `dashboard_agent.log`: Every ray node has one dashboard agent. This is a log file of the agent.

> - `gcs_server.[out|err]`: GCS server is a stateless server that manages business logic that needs to be performed on GCS (Redis). It exists only in a head node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gcs_server.[out|err]`: The GCS server is a stateless server that manages business logic that needs to be performed on GCS (Redis). It exists only in the head node.
```

> - `log_monitor.log`: Log monitor is in charge of streaming logs to a driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `log_monitor.log`: The log monitor is in charge of streaming logs to the driver.
```

> - `monitor.log`: Ray's cluster launcher is operated with a monitor process. It also manages autoscaler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `monitor.log`: Ray's cluster launcher is operated with a monitor process. It also manages the autoscaler.
```

- `monitor.[out|err]`: Stdout and stderr of a cluster launcher.
- `plasma_store.[out|err]`: Deprecated.

> - `python-core-driver-[worker_id]_[pid].log`: Ray drivers consist of CPP core and Python/Java frontend. It is a log file generated from CPP code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `python-core-driver-[worker_id]_[pid].log`: Ray drivers consist of CPP core and Python/Java frontend. This is a log file generated from CPP code.
```

> - `python-core-worker-[worker_id]_[pid].log`: Ray workers consist of CPP core and Python/Java frontend. It is a log file generated from CPP code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `python-core-worker-[worker_id]_[pid].log`: Ray workers consist of CPP core and Python/Java frontend. This is a log file generated from CPP code.
```

- `raylet.[out|err]`: A log file of raylets.
- `redis-shard_[shard_index].[out|err]`: A log file of GCS (Redis by default) shards.
- `redis.[out|err]`: A log file of GCS (Redis by default).
- `worker-[worker_id]-[job_id]-[pid].[out|err]`: Python/Java part of Ray drivers and workers. All of stdout and stderr from tasks/actors are streamed here. Note that job_id is an id of the driver.

> - `io-worker-[worker_id]-[pid].[out|err]`: Ray creates IO workers to spill/restore objects to external storage by default from Ray 1.3+. It is a log file of IO workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `io-worker-[worker_id]-[pid].[out|err]`: Ray creates IO workers to spill/restore objects to external storage by default from Ray 1.3+. This is a log file of IO workers.
```
